#summary Procedure for release builds

= Prerequisites =
 # Code is written in C#, and requires Microsoft Visual Studio to compile
 # The code requires [.Net Framework 3.5 http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=333325FD-AE52-4E35-B531-508D977D32A6&displaylang=en] to run
 # The Host PC must be wireless networking and its IP address must be known.
 
== Host PC Interface==
   # Download all [latest code http://code.google.com/p/see3po/source/browse/trunk#trunk/SourceCode/GUI] from Google Code
   # Check that all files are labeled with the release number
   # Open See3PO.sln in Visual Studio
   # Compile See3PO

== Robot Interface ==
 === How to upload/update files onto robot's embedded computer ===
   # [http://www.microsoft.com/windowsmobile/en-us/downloads/microsoft/activesync-download.mspx Download ActiveSync] application and then install.
   # Connect Host and embedded computer with USB cable.
   # Run [http://www.microsoft.com/windowsmobile/en-us/downloads/microsoft/activesync-download.mspx ActiveSync] application.  
   # Click on explore bottom.
   # The folders and files should show up in an explore window.
   # Drag and drop the file needs to be uploaded. 
 
 === How to upload/update programs onto ATOM microchip ===
   # Download [http://basicmicro.com/ViewPage.aspx?ContentCode=d_basicatompro BasicATOMPro ] and then install.
   # Connect ATOM and PC with serial cable (COM port).
   # Run BasicATOMPro program.
   # Open the source file that need to be uploaded.
   # Build the program then the compiled bin file will be upload to ATOM. 
 