#summary Meeting #4, 10/22/2009
#labels Meeting

=Weekly Team Meeting #4=
	* Date: 10/22/2009
	* Time: 4:30 PM
	* Location: M-1-612
	* Meeting called by:	Team
	* Type of meeting:	Team Meeting
	* Facilitator: Frank	
	* Note taker: Jacky		
	* Attendees: Frank, Nick, Jacky, Debarati, Hao Wu 
	* Absent: None

==*Minutes*==

===Agenda item:===	
  # Venture capital presentation.
  # Hardware issue
  # Floor plan program

===Discussion:===	
  * Should have 2 or 3 team member working on venture capital presentation these tow weeks. 
  * Talk about the hardware issues.
  * Work distribution on hardware part as well as software part.
  * Subgroup meeting. 
===Conclusions:	===
  # Divide the presentation into 3 to 4 sections. Start with the introduction of what is the project and how it works, then describe the progresses of the project as well as the way of how we manage the project. Next, show a demo video of how the robot works. Then, last, mention how we are going to implement this idea into our real life.  
  # Read the mission statements from each member, and then chose 2 of your favorites.
  # Create a blank risk analysis page on our wiki, and let each member fill in at least three risk analysis. So, after that we can integrate them. 
===Action List:	===  
|| *Action items* || *Person responsible* || *Deadline* ||
||Vote for your 2 favorite mission statements || All	||10/16/2009||
||Create a risk analysis page on wiki ||Frank	||10/16/2009|| 
||Upload logo ||Frank	||10/17/2009|| 
||3 risk analysis	|| All 	||10/18/2009||
||Get Tyler's feedback on our mission statements ||Frank	||10/20/2009|| 
||Follow up on getting access to Vision Lab || Frank	||10/21/2009||
||Gather all the questions we have about hardware || Hao, Jacky || 10/21/2009||
||Giving some though on how to present our project || All || 10/22/2009||

===Other Information===