#summary Meeting #3, 10/15/2009
#labels Deprecated

=Weekly Team Meeting #3=
	* Date: 10/15/2009
	* Time: 4:30 PM
	* Location: M-1-612
	* Meeting called by:	Team
	* Type of meeting:	Team Meeting
	* Facilitator: Frank	
	* Note taker: Jacky		
	* Attendees: Frank, Nick, Jacky, Debarati, Hao Wu 
	* Absent: None

==*Minutes*==

===Agenda item:===	
  # Venture capital presentation.
  # Logo
  # Mission/Vision statements 
  # Risk analysis

===Discussion:===	
  * Got the professor suggestion on what we should be prepared on venture capital presentation. Also, we need to make power pointer slices or maybe video for the presentation. 
  * Looked through every logos we have made and then choose the one every member agree on.
  * Everyone's mission statements had posted on the our google group. Need to pick one and send to Tyler for review.
  * Need to put one page of risk analysis on our wiki, which was required by the professor. 
===Conclusions:	===
  # Need to prepare about 20 slices for the 25-minute long venture capital presentation. And, need two member to present, one for each sub-group. Also, might consider making a 3-minute long video to demonstrate how the robot works.
  # Read the mission statements from each member, and then chose 2 of your favorites.
  # Create a blank risk analysis page on our wiki, and let each member fill in at least three risk analysis. So, after that we can integrate them. 
===Action List:	===  
|| *Action items* || *Person responsible* || *Deadline* ||
||Vote for your 2 favorite mission statements || All	||10/16/2009||
||Create a risk analysis page on wiki ||Frank	||10/16/2009|| 
||Upload logo ||Frank	||10/17/2009|| 
||3 risk analysis	|| All 	||10/18/2009||
||Get Tyler's feedback on our mission statements ||Frank	||10/20/2009|| 
||Follow up on getting access to Vision Lab || Frank	||10/21/2009||
||Gather all the questions we have about hardware || Hao, Jacky || 10/21/2009||
||Giving some though on how to present our project || All || 10/22/2009||

===Other Information===
 * The logo has been chosen, just need a little modification then we can let it out on our google code page.
 * Please post on our google group if you have any idea on the presentation.