#summary Meeting #1, 10/1/2009

=Team Meeting=
	* Date: 10/1/2009
	* Time: 4:00 PM
	* Location: M-1-612
	* Meeting called by:	Team
	* Type of meeting:	Kick off meeting
	* Facilitator:	Frank	
	* Note taker:	Jacky
	* Timekeeper:	None		
	* Attendees:	Frank, Nick, Jacky, Debarati.
	* Absent: Hao Wu

==Minutes==

===Agenda item:===	
  # Team name.
  # Schedule
  # End-of-month goal.
===Discussion:===	
During the last meeting with Tyler, Nick and Debarati obtained the basic idea of how the robot system designed and work, as well as the source code. But, we still not 100% sure the design and whether we got the entire code. Also, we need to know what parts of the project that Tyler wants us to work on. Nick might have some documentation about Tyler’s requirements, he will send us later. Other than that, we also have to ready for the project, i.e. set up the environment on our PC and familiar with the setups and installations. Hope we all can really know the whole setup all installation or even have to compile the code at the end of this month.

===Conclusions:	===
  # “See3PO” will be the project name.
  # Having team meeting every Thursday in class. Besides that, use google group for discussion.
  # Second Meeting with Tyler on next Wednesday. 
  # Might have to divide into sub-group depends on which parts we will be doing.
  # The end-of-month goal is that we have to be able to handle all the code and configurations, and make the robot works without Tyler.
|| *Action items* || *Person responsible* || *Deadline* ||
||Install Visio Studio 2008 on your PC	||All	||10/04/2009|| 
||Gain access to Vision Lab (where the robot is)	||All	||10/05/2009||
||Schedule a time with Tyler on next Wednesday	||Frank	||10/06/2009||
||Setup google code and group	||Frank	||10/03/2009||
||Upload the source code to google code	||Nick	||10/05/2009||
||Send Frank google ID in order to setup permission ||Hao Wu	||10/03/2009||
||Create accounts on testing PC for team members 	||Nick	||10/04/2009||

===Other Information===
  # Debarati will be in charge of the documentation for our project (tech writer role).
  # Jacky will be responsible for meeting minutes.