#summary Meeting #2, 10/8/2009
#labels Meeting

=Weekly Team Meeting #2=
	* Date: 10/8/2009
	* Time: 4:00 PM
	* Location: M-1-612
	* Meeting called by:	Team
	* Type of meeting:	Team Meeting
	* Facilitator: Frank	
	* Note taker: Jacky		
	* Attendees: Frank, Nick, Jacky, Debarati, Hao Wu 
	* Absent:

==*Minutes*==

===Agenda item:===	
  # Assign tasks: Narratives, Mission Statement - writers and reviewers
  # Logo
  # Assign [Duties duties] 
  # Divide Program: TBA
  # Upcoming Week's plans
===Discussion:===	
  * Divided the team into 2 groups, Hardware group and UI and Path-finding group.
  * Location and 2D-to-3D part of program will be taken charge by Tyler's team.
  * Need to create a robot emulator (local brain).
  * Need a SVN expert to help the team solve any SVN issue.
  * Need two short stories on Wiki.
  * Vision statements for the project.
  * The presentation of the Wiki page.
  * Create a logo for the project. 
===Conclusions:	===
  # Jacky and Wu will be on Hardware group who will take care the robot control part.
  # Frank, Nick, and Debarati will work on UI, Path-finding as well as robot emulator.
  # UI group will regularly meet on every Wednesday.
  # Make sure every team member knows how to use google code's download (SVN), any question please feel free to ask Jacky for help. 
  # Nick and Frank will each come up with one short story.
  # All member must get familiar with the google code, especially the Wiki.
  # Every team member write 2 short paragraphs of Vision statements so we can integrate into one for our project.
  # Nick will take a photo of the robot so Frank can use this photo to make a logo for the project.
===Action List:	===  
|| *Action items* || *Person responsible* || *Deadline* ||
||Install SVN client and download the source code ||All	||10/11/2009||
||Create a new wiki page with your personal info ||All	||10/11/2009|| 
||Gain access code to Vision Lab from Bill || Frank	||10/13/2009||
||Two short stories	|| Frank, Nick 	||10/13/2009||
||Vision statements from each member	||All	||10/11/2009||
||Finalize the Vision statements ||All	||10/15/2009||
||Take a photo of the robot	||Nick	||10/10/2009||
||Make a logo for the project	||Frank	||10/13/2009||

===Other Information===
 * Please use google group to discuss proejct related matters, so we can tracking down our decision making process. For example, we can post our individual vision statements on google group and then put the integrated one on google code. 
 * If a picture is needed for wiki page, upload the picture to google group, so you can create a link to it. (Please refer to [SystemArchitecture Architecture]). Or, visit http://code.google.com/p/support/wiki/WikiSyntax for detail. 
 * The wiki page names of personal info should be Frank, Nick, [Jacky], Debarati, HaoWu. 