#summary Narratives

= Frank =

See3PO, having recently been tasked with traversing the corridors from Tyler’s office to the coffee machine, in the break room down the hall, has encountered a problem. After exiting the room, following the instructions of its central hub, the robot received instructions to turn left and continue down the hallway, sending pictures of its journey back to the hub. After successfully navigating two additional turns along its route, it was told once again to maintain its forward direction at full speed when it encountered the break room. Unfortunately, before this could be completed, its cameras reported an inconsistency between its instructions and the path before it: where there should be an open expanse of pristine office hallway, an inter-office mail cart was now resting, no doubt the work of Todd, the evil office prankster!
Acting quickly, See3PO reported this new information to the hub. Immediately, the hub went about planning a new path, consulting its knowledge of the floor plan. Presently, robot was instructed to make an about-face, retracing its route through two of its three turns.  Passing the office again, where Tyler was becoming increasingly caffeine deprived, the robot was instructed to navigate a new route, and successfully reached the coffee machine, much to Todd’s chagrin.
                Upon beginning the return trip, the robot’s cameras noted that the obstructing cart was no longer in place, having been removed by a defeated Todd. When this good news was received and processed by the hub, this shorter path was once again the optimal solution, and as such, Tyler received his coffee in time to avoid any incidents.

= Nick =

Tyler is working hard now and he really needs a coffee (or Tazo tea
latte).
Tyler clicks the Starbucks location in a map and upload the map to
See3PO.
Tyler does not worry about that See3PO can't find the way because
See3PO has eyes to avoid obstacles and find the right way.
Tyler can moniter See3PO and call See3PO back anytime.
Tyler can talk to clerk and order his favorites via See3PO.
A few minutes later, Tyler can get his coffee (or tea) and enjoy!
Good job! See3PO.

= Hao =

After a long day's work, Taylor comes back. He is so tired.
Taylor:"Hi, See3po, would you help me to make a cup of coffee? I am so tired."
See3po:"but boss, the coffee is out of use."
Taylor: “Please, I have a lot of work need to do, and I really need a coffee to make me clear. Would you help me to buy a coffee in the nearest Starbuzz coffee store?"
See3po:"I would like to, however, I have never been there before. That's the problem."
Taylor:” Don’t worry, the desk computer can help you."
See3po:"ok, boss..."
 
See3po:"oh my god, where am I? it seems that I lost myself."
See3po:"hello mom, are you there?"
Desk computer:"yes, my son. what can I do for you?"
See3po:" Boss asked me to buy a coffee in the nearest Starbuzz coffee, but it seems that I lost my way. what should i do?"
Desk computer:"Don't worry, my son, give me some pictures around you, and I will deal with that."
See3po:"ok, here they are!"
 
Desk computer: receive pictures, download maps, compare, locate...
10 seconds later,
Desk computer:"Hi my son, I find you. you location is xxxx, the nearest Starbuzz coffee is not far. You just need to walk straight for two blocks and turn a left, about 50 feet you can find it. good luck, my son!"
See3po:"Thanks mom!"
 
10 minutes later...
See3po:"hi boss, are you there? I got the coffee for you."
Taylor:"Thank you See3po, you really give me a big help. I will give you a 9-cell battery as a prize. That may last for 7-8hours."
See3po:"great! I can travel farther. Thanks boss!"