#summary comments and questions from the Professor
#labels Featured,Phase-Support
= Comments and questions from the Professor =

== May 19 ==

Congratulations on a difficult job well done. The obstacles were formidable - hardware incompatibilities, no voodoo program from your client - but you overcame them.

----

== March 11 ==

Will I see a sprint 1 demo at 4 today (just over an hour from now)?

When will I see a sprint 2 schedule? That schedule must include explicit work on team-switch (instructions for your guest builders and assignments of guest builders to other projects) and plans to deal with Issue 13, which is one of my requirements for this sprint. It should also include updating the wiki - anyone reading it now would think the camera problem was still unresolved.

----

== February 11 ==

*Still* holding my breath waiting for camera problem resolution. I see no indication of progress.

I like the new developer guidelines. Now you need to flesh them out and follow them. In particular, if you're going to require UML diagrams (a good idea) then they need to be posted on the wiki.

_Reply from the team:_

UML diagrams are on. See [UMLDiagram UML diagrams]

----

== February 11 ==

Holding my breath waiting for camera problem resolution. Rooting for netbook. (If I believed in twitter this entry would be short enough.)

----

== February 4 ==

Good start on first sprint.

I noticed several spelling errors on that page when you presented it in class Tuesday. I fixed them for you, since I didn't want to distract you from useful work in the sprint. They're not hard to see when editing since the google code wiki editor highlights them. So please try to catch them yourself from now on as you enter information.

----

== December 12 ==

It's hard for me to believe that in all the development and testing you've done you've found only seven bugs worth entering as Issues.

----

== December 7 ==

I am impressed by the progress on the requirements specification. I hope you find that work worth doing - that is, I hope it results in a better project running more smoothly, not just a delay in the real work.

----

== December 2 ==

Your schedule doesn't seem to show a plan for what you're planning to deliver as a requirements specification document on the 15th of this month. I do see the GUI release scheduled. That may be sufficient for Tyler, but I need more.

----

== November 18 ==

Nice job on the vc presentation. I thought it followed the guidelines best of all the three. Please post the slides on the wiki, on the right page.

Where is your one step build?

Still no response to the query below.

----

== October 28 ==

Your [RiskAnalysis Risk Analysis] page lists

Can't find WinCE driver for video cam. 

as high probability high severity. Shouldn't there be a schedule entry for the successful outcome of a search for one?

----

== October 27 ==

Nice work on tests for the emulator.

Please fix spelling of "receive" - you have it as "recieve" in several places - unfortunately, some of those places are the names of wiki pages.

The Explorer that the emulator works with isn't Microsoft's IE. The fact that it has the same name is a little confusing (to me). Perhaps use its full name (ViLANExplorer) ?

----

== October 13 ==

Schedule entries should be in chronological order.

Several items marked 10/11 haven't been completed and haven't been rescheduled. 

The Emulator is marked as complete, but I can't find anywhere on the wiki a description of what the emulator emulates, where to find its code, and how it was tested.

_Reply from the team:_

Schedule entries have been arranged in chronological order. Please see [Schedule] page.

Out of date items were rescheduled. Please see [Schedule] page.

We added a [LocalBrainEmulator Emulator] page.

----

== October 6 ==

This Google code wiki shows almost no recent progress at all. There is in fact quite a bit visible at the Google group. That is a much better place to find it than in email among team members, but not where it really belongs, which is _here_ on the wiki.

In particular, where is the schedule? Getting one up is a top priority, so you can see whether you are on track.

_Reply from the team:_

Please see [Schedule] page.

----

== October 6 ==

You are misusing the Downloads page in Google code. It's for project releases (code and documentation) for the end user, not for internal documents. Make proper wiki pages for those.

_Reply from the team:_

We have moved internal documents to source.
Downloads page has been reserved for project releases.

----