#summary Mission Statements

= [Frank] =

Are you tired of manually controlling your robot through its many errands? Isn’t your time too valuable to be spent on the minutiae of android remote control? Do you require more from your electronic helper? Introducing See3PO: the visually aware, autonomous robot companion!
      Need that package delivered, but don’t want to be bogged down in details? Just send it with See3PO, and you know that somehow, it’ll get there! Need an eye kept on your castle while you’re away? Set your See3PO to Patrol mode, and sleep easy, under the watchful gaze of your helpful robot guard! The only limit is your imagination (and wireless range)!


= [Nick] =

Need a cup of coffee? Ask See3PO to grab one from coffee shop.
Need to hand in your hardcopy homework? Ask See3PO to deliver it to
your professor.
Need to return your Netflix/Blockbuster DVDs? Ask See3PO to put them
in mailbox.
Need a book from library? Ask See3PO to take it for you.
You got the idea!! Ask your See3PO to help you more.
See3PO is for you. You need a See3PO.

= [Jacky] =

 See3PO is a project which tries to mimic how animals know their
position through their vision and memory while being at the place
where they have been before.  A robot with video camera is used to
simulate a moving animal. The robot transmit the video stream to a
"main brain" computer which stores the surrounding information. By
comparing the current view from the video with the surrounding, the
main brain then is able to locate of the robot. As a result, with a
path-finding algorithm in place, the robot can travel from a given
location to another autonomously.
  With the success of this project, a new autopilot system for all
kinds of vehicles then can be developed. Therefore, in the future, we
hope to see that people will take "driver-less" taxis or buses to
work, benefited from the result of our research.

= Hao =
