#summary Presentation for pseudo-potential investor.

= Assignments = 

Frank/Nick
  * Present
  * Movie
Hao/Jackie
  * Make sure that the robot is working with Tyler's original programs
    # We may want to do a quick presentation, time permitting
    # If you could make it work on a laptop, separate from the Presentation computer, it would probably make everything move more smoothly. You can set it up as we present, and we don't need to switch programs. 
Debarati

    
  * This can be scripted with as few as three images: The blank floorplan, the floorplan plus a sprite image, the floorplan plus possible paths. 

  * The simplest way would be to use Tyler's Explorer2 program as a jumping-off point. Keep the video feed box in place, and use the existing input box to display the map. That way, your mouse-click handlers are already in place. 


= Outlines =

== Intro <font color= "RED">(1 minute)</font> ==

=== Intro Slide <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font>===
  * Frank, Nick, Jacky, Hao, Debarati
  * Department of Computer Science
  * See3PO - What does it do?
    # Autonomous Pathfinding Robot
    # Vision Based

== Why See3PO?  <font color= "RED">(4 minutes)</font> ==

=== Scenario 1 - Delivering <font color= "orange">(2 minutes)</font> ===
  * Show Movie (2 minutes)

=== Scenario 2 - Picking Up Tennis Balls <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font> ===

=== And More ... <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font>=== 
  * Chasing Animals
  * Sweeping Leaves
  * Security/ Surveillance

== How? (Mock-up UI Presentation)<font color= "RED">(8 minutes)</font> ==

=== User Interface <font color= "orange">(3 slides)</font> ===
==== GUIOpen <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font> ====
  * Import Images/Open FloorPlan 
  * Live View from Robot
==== GUIFloorPlan <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font> ====
  * Click floorplan to select Destination
==== GUIPath <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font> ====
  * PathFiner finds shortest route, displays it (blue) along with alternate routes (red)

=== WhereAmI (VooDoo) <font color= "orange">(2 slides/ 3 minutes)</font> ===
==== What is it? <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font> ====
  * Uses Images from the robot to find the robot's current position
==== Why use it? <font color= "orange">(1 slide)</font>
  * Works indoors
  * High precision
  * Gives Orientation as well as Location
  * Potentially adjusts to changes in the environment, doors opening, obsticles

== Why we are capable of establishing See3PO? <font color= "RED">(7 minutes)</font>==
  * Robust Software Development 
  * Established Hardware
  * Excellent Team Members

== Robust Software Development ==
  * UML (Class Diagram / Sequence Diagram)
  * Object-oriented Programming / Design Patterns
  * Unit Test
  * Documentation

== Established Hardware ==

  * Drive the robot around

== People ==
  * Great Communications (UML...)
  * ...

== Future ==
  * Low cost navigation system, can actually see and response to the surrounding not just knowing the location. 
  * 